data grand lyon: add bike sharing documentation (#45315)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/data_grand_lyon.markdown

ha_domain: data_grand_lyon
ha_config_flow: true
ha_platforms:
  - binary_sensor
  - sensor
ha_integration_type: service
ha_quality_scale: bronze
---

The **Data Grand Lyon** {% term integration %} lets you monitor data from the [Grand Lyon open data platform](https://data.grandlyon.com/) (city of Lyon, France).

With this integration, you can:

- Track upcoming departure times at transit stops.
- Monitor real-time bike and dock availability at [Vélo'v](https://velov.grandlyon.com/) bike-sharing stations.

## Prerequisites

This integration uses data from the [Grand Lyon open data platform](https://data.grandlyon.com/).

> You need an account on [data.grandlyon.com](https://data.grandlyon.com/). Sign up for a free account if you don't have one. You can find more information about how to properly create an account and set a password [here](https://rdata-grandlyon.readthedocs.io/fr/latest/authentification.html) (fr).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You need an account on [data.grandlyon.com](https://data.grandlyon.com/). Sign up for a free account if you don't have one. You can find more information about how to properly create an account and set a password [in their documentation](https://rdata-grandlyon.readthedocs.io/fr/latest/authentification.html) (fr).
```
